chore: Add notes about promtail being feature complete (#12827)
grafana/loki: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] Documentation added
- [ ] Tests updated
- [ ] Title matches the required conventional commits format, see [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

>   - **Note** that promtail is considered to be feature complete, and future development for logs collection will be present in [Grafana Alloy](https://github.com/grafana/alloy). As such, `feat` PRs are unlikely to be accepted unless a case can be made for the feature actually being a bug fix to existing behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Note** that Promtail is considered to be feature complete, and future development for logs collection will be in [Grafana Alloy](https://github.com/grafana/alloy). As such, `feat` PRs are unlikely to be accepted unless a case can be made for the feature actually being a bug fix to existing behavior.
```
